before we get started with this video i
just want to remind you that i am
releasing an academic planner this year
on the 17th of august 5 p.m vst
this planner is everything i have ever
looked for as a student
and i hope that you like it
hello it's ruby and today i'm going to
be sharing with you an
updated night routine my night routine
starts at
just before five and i am usually at
this point
reading outside
[Music]
so then at five we go on a walk i put on
tights because i don't want to get
bitten
by any bugs and my mum and i today
were dressed up by characters and with
an e because we're watching it together
is that a strange thing to do to like
dress up into something just to go on a
walk this shows you
how unexciting things have been in our
household the fact that this is
you know event of the day but it was
really good fun and
marth was pretending to be jerry the
stable boy with this hay
um i didn't really it didn't really make
much sense to me either
[Music]
so we went on a walk in the woods my
whole family
i had four letters to post so i posted
those and
the sky was so pretty it was grey and it
looked like it was going to rain
my dad actually spotted some ripe plums
on the way back so we had some of these
and they were quite good they were quite
bitter
when we got back my dad and i were going
to go on a cycle ride so
just put my trainers on got changed
and whilst i was waiting for my dad to
be ready i went and got my notebook
out of my writing slope i always store
it in my writing slope this is an
edwardian writing slope it's what people
used to use when they were
writing when traveling so this is the
notebook i use for all of my
fun creative writing short stories i
like to write a short story every day so
that's what i was doing here
[Music]
and then when my dad was ready we went
out on the bikes
we decided to go on a cross-country kind
of trail this day it wasn't on the road
it was
through some fields which was really
nice
when we got back i went and said hello
to the dogs again i
swear i spend like six hours a day with
the dogs
uh we are actually going while swimming
tomorrow so i had to try on this wetsuit
that i had when i was younger and it was
kind of tight on the shoulders not so
bad that i
probably couldn't wear it tomorrow but
it wasn't uncomfortable so then after
the walk and the cycle ride i like to do
some admin tasks for about an
hour just getting all of those things
done that i needed to get done at some
point
and then i don't have to worry about it
for the rest of the night so this
particular day was a tuesday
and every tuesday evening my
grandparents come around for dinner
so um yeah today we had
like a roast dinner
[Music]
after my grandparents left my mom and i
like to watch and with an e we like to
watch this every evening
we usually watch one episode in evening
it's the new shade that we've been
watching together and
i'm loving re-watching it because this
is my favorite show then when we're
finished we go upstairs
my dad every single day brings up the
waters
and i will go do my skincare routine so
i basically just used the milky jelly
cleanser from glossier which is really
really good i would really recommend it
and i wash that off with cold water
sometimes i will have a more in-depth
skincare routine but that's the thing i
do every night
then take out my contact lenses
[Music]
brush my teeth of course and because
it's me
i read while brushing my teeth so i'm
reading out of avonlea here i like to
read a few books
at once so i'm reading far from that in
crowd but i'm also reading out of
avonlea
[Music]
i don't know what this weird pose was
but obviously i'm excited to be reading
out of avonlea
then when i get back in my room i like
to tidy it up just so it's nice and
clean for the next day
i also close my window because i
always regret leaving it open the wind
ends up blowing something off and then
it wakes me up in the middle of the
night
i will also put on my fairy lights and
then i like to braid my hair before bed
if i don't have a shower so
this particular day i have my shower in
the morning and
i didn't need to wash my hair
[Music]
i also put on this glossier balm dot com
this is really good
and also a body butter from the body
shop
just on my elbows then i go downstairs
to say goodnight to the dogs
paul laila hasn't been feeling very well
today so she's very very calm
on evenings that my grandparents aren't
over i will probably watch an episode or
something or watch a youtube video
usually the simpsons and then i will
take out my ipad
to just read through the headlines of
the new york times i don't do this for
very long maybe like five to ten minutes
[Music]
and i will also do a crossword from the
new york times um
so this particular day i did the full
wednesday crossword as opposed to the
mini one
and then i will read before bed always
the last thing i do
i like to spray this pillow mist
put on this hand cream it's very
important to have hand cream at the
moment because our hands can get very
chapped
i will also drink about half of my water
bottle and
then i will turn off the light and go to
sleep so thank you so much for watching
this video
i hope that you enjoyed it and i hope
that you have a productive week
[Music]